Pandas are in danger. There are only about 1,600 pandas in the wild today.
Zoos and research centres are looking after about 340 pandas.
Pandas do not have many babies, and baby pandas often die.
The situation is getting very difficult.
Scientists are doing a lot of research to help pandas produce more babies and help baby pandas live.
Pandas live in the forests and mountains of southwest China.
Each panda needs to eat a lot of bamboo every day.
The bamboo forests are getting smaller, so pandas are losing their home.
In order to protect pandas in the wild, the government is setting up nature parks and developing other plans.
The nature parks will be big, and there will be more bamboo to feed the pandas.
Pandas born in zoos may go back to live in the nature parks.
The worldwide fund for nature, WWF, wants to protect all animals, and it shows the panda to be its symbol.
We do not want to lose tigers, elephants, or any other animals, so the WWF is working hard to save them all.